@node LHC_ZJets
@subsection Z+jets production

@menu
* LHC_Z1jet_MCatNLO_LHOLE::
* LHC_ZJets_LOmerging::
* LHC_ZJets_NLOmerging::
@end menu

To change any of the following LHC examples to production at the Tevatron 
simply change the beam settings to
@verbatim
  BEAM_1  2212; BEAM_ENERGY_1 980;
  BEAM_2 -2212; BEAM_ENERGY_2 980;
@end verbatim


@node LHC_Z1jet_MCatNLO_LHOLE
@subsubsection MC@@NLO setup for pp->Z+jet using the BLHA interface

This is an example setup for Z+1jet production at hadron colliders at 
next-to-leading order precision matched to the parton shower using the 
MC@@NLO prescription detailed in @mycite{Hoeche2011fd}. In the example 
given below the BLHA interface to the GoSam generator is used for the
virtual matrix elements.

@example
@smallformat
@verbatiminclude Examples/V_plus_Jets/LHC_Z1jet_MCatNLO_LHOLE/Run.dat
@end smallformat
@end example

Things to notice:
@itemize
@item Any setting with the exception of the process and selector definitions 
can be given in the @code{(run)@{...@}(run)} section of the run card.
@item Tags (@code{FSF}, @code{RSF} and @code{QSF}) have been introduced for 
easy scale variations. Tags are replaced throughout the entire run card by 
their defined value, see @ref{Tags}.
@item The factorsation and renormalisation scales are set to H_T times the
respective scale factors. The resummation scale is set to the transverse 
momentum of the core process jet time the scale factor @code{QSF}.
@item For the calculation of the dynamical scales 
@uref{http://www.fastjet.fr,,FastJet} is employed. Accordingly, when 
running @code{configure} the option @code{--enable-fastjet=/path/to/fastjet} 
needs to be specified. For more details cf. @ref{SCALES}.
@item An @code{RS_Enhance_Factor} is used to increase the statistical 
quality for the real-subtracted process, cf. @ref{RS_Enhance_Factor}.
@end itemize


@node LHC_ZJets_LOmerging
@subsubsection MEPS and MENLOPS setup for pp->Z+jets

This is an example setup for tree-level matrix elements merged with the 
parton shower @mycite{Hoeche2009rj} in a minimal setup. The process 
includes real emission matrix elements with up to 4 final-state QCD 
partons. Via @code{CKKW sqr(30/E_CMS)} the merging scale is fixed to 
30 GeV.

@example
@smallformat
@verbatiminclude Examples/V_plus_Jets/LHC_ZJets/Run.dat
@end smallformat
@end example

@node LHC_ZJets_NLOmerging
@subsubsection MEPS@@NLO setup for pp->Z+jets

This is an example setup for inclusive Z production at hadron colliders. 
The inclusive process is calculated at next-to-leading order accuracy matched 
to the parton shower using the MC@@NLO prescription detailed in 
@mycite{Hoeche2011fd}. The next few higher jet multiplicities, calculated at 
next-to-leading order as well, are merged into the inclusive sample using 
the MEPS@@NLO method - an extension of the CKKW method to NLO - as described 
in @mycite{Hoeche2012yf} and @mycite{Gehrmann2012yg}. Finally, even higher 
multiplicities, calculated at leading order, are merged on top of that.
A few things to note are detailed below the example. The example can be 
converted a simple MENLOPS setup by setting @code{LJET:=2}, or an MEPS 
setup by setting @code{LJET:=0}, to study the effect of incorporating 
higher-order matrix elements.

@example
@smallformat
@verbatiminclude Examples/V_plus_Jets/LHC_ZJets/Run.NLO.dat
@end smallformat
@end example

Things to notice:
@itemize
@item Any setting with the exception of the process and selector definitions 
can be given in the @code{(run)@{...@}(run)} section of the run card.
@item Tags (@code{FSF}, @code{RSF} and @code{QSF}) have been introduced for 
easy scale variations. Tags are replaced throughout the entire run card by 
their defined value, see @ref{Tags}.
@item All scales, i.e. the factorisation, renormalisation and resummation 
scales are set to the above defined scale factors times the value determined 
by the METS-clustering algorithm.
@item Tags (@code{LJET}, @code{NJET} and @code{QCUT}) have been introduced 
to be used in the process setup, defining the multiplicity of the MC@@NLO 
subprocesses, the maximal number of extra jets, and the merging cut.
@item The @code{LOOPGEN<i>} tag is used to name the providers of the one-loop 
matrix elements for the respective multiplicities. For the simplemost case 
here Sherpa can provide it internally.
@item Enabling the @code{EXCLUSIVE_CLUSTER_MODE} for the METS-clustering 
algorithm ensures that only QCD-splittings are inverted, such that the 
production of a di-lepton pair is always identified as the core 
process.
@item The handling of scale factors in the shower differs from the best LO 
order setup.
@item tau leptons are set massive in order to exclude them from the massless 
lepton container (@code{90}).
@item As both Comix and Amegic are specified as matrix element generators 
to be used, Amegic has to be specified to be used for all MC@@NLO 
multiplicities using @code{ME_Generator Amegic @{LJET@}}.
@item @code{Enhance_Factors} have been introduced to increase the statistical 
quality for processes of higher multiplicity, cf. @ref{Enhance_Factor}.
@item @code{RS_Enhance_Factors} have been introduced to increase the 
statistical quality for the non-resummed parts of the MC@@NLO processes the
respective multiplicity, cf. @ref{RS_Enhance_Factor}.
@end itemize

